# Meeting 11 (Sprint 1 Retrospective) + Date: 05/24/23
## Attendance
- [X] Haven Ahn
- [X] Amit Namburi
- [X] Fayaz Shaik
- [X] Brian Ton
- [X] Vasil bogdev
- [X] Jose Arreguin
- [X] Botao Zhang
- [X] Prisha Anand
- [ ] Bao Thy Nguyen
- [ ] Wilson Nguyen

*** need to fill out 
things that went well: 
- pair programming 
- adding the GitHub “needs help” flag on issues, messaging on slack for help 

things we can improve on: 
- not having a mess of branches, that are then updated differently 
- standardizing the style sheet & following it (all the pages did not really look like they were made by the same team) 

amount of time spent working on this class: 
-  

MAD, SAD, GLAD (using miro)
- have everyone submit some things
- categorize themes in miro  
- voting functionality ?? 

make action items for next sprint
—> 
